**Chapter 1: The Big Story from the Big Guy!**

1. One day, while the Teacher was walking all by himself in a big, quiet place, the Ancient of Days (that’s a big, fancy name for someone very important!) came down and said:  
   
2. "Guess what? It’s time for you to help make a special house for God on Earth! We want peace for everyone, and we want all the kids to know that God is here to take care of them and make them feel better!"

3. But the Teacher said, "Wait, how can we do that? Everyone is so mean to each other! How will we teach them about God when they’re all so sad and mad?"

4. And the Ancient of Days said, "Let me tell you a story! Long ago, Michael and his Best Friend had a big dream. They sent Adam and Eve to Earth to help the people and show them how to be good and kind."

5. So, Adam and Eve came to the Earth, and Adam planted a big garden. The people were amazed because Adam was HUGE and so smart!

6. The people said, "Wow! A God is here!" And they were a little scared but mostly amazed at how wonderful Adam and Eve were.

7. Back in those days, the people lived in caves and didn’t know how to talk properly. They wore animal skins and weren’t very good at things like, well...being people.

8. But Adam and Eve were so nice to them. Eve sang beautiful songs in the garden, and the people loved her like she was their mom!

9. Adam taught them how to make bricks and build houses to stay safe. And Eve helped them make lamps so they could see when it got dark.

10. Eve also taught the girls how to make clothes, and they were so happy! Everyone loved Adam and Eve because they helped them learn so many things.

11. One day, Adam and Eve had two sons—Cain and Abel. Cain was big and strong, and Abel was kind and loved God a lot.

12. Cain liked to teach people how to build stuff and trade with each other, but he didn’t always trust God. Abel, on the other hand, loved nature, played music, and wrote down everything he learned.

13. One day, Cain gave God a gift, but God didn’t like it. God was happy with Abel's gift because Abel gave his best, but Cain was mad and jealous.

14. Cain started to feel angry inside, and it made him do bad things. Abel was the one who was kind and peaceful, and God liked him for it!
